YOU KNOW, I CANNOT BELIEVE MARCO AND
LENNOX HAVE BEEN SNEAKING AROUND.
MY OWN NEPHEW, HE LIED TO ME.
MY NIECE LIED TO ME, TOO. HOW
COME I'M NOT FREAKING OUT?
I DON'T KNOW. PAINKILLERS?
PLEASE. I BUILT UP A TOLERANCE
TO THOSE YEARS AGO.
HOURS AGO.
IT'S DIFFERENT, OKAY?
MARCO MADE LENNOX LIE TO YOU.
MADE HER? WHAT, DOES HE GOT
SOME KIND OF HOLD ON HER?
YES! HONEY, I KEEP
TELLING YOU, ALRIGHT?
YOU ARE UNDERESTIMATING THE POWER
OF A MALE WITH LONGO BLOOD.
WE CAN GET WOMEN TO DO ANYTHING.
ANYTHING!
THE POWERS ARE LIMITLESS.
CAN YOU OPEN THE DOOR HERE, PLEASE?
YUP.
I... I JUST THINK WE SHOULD
ENJOY THE BEAUTIFUL NIGHT SKY
UNTIL YOUR URGE
TO MURDER PASSES.
BABE, I'M TELLING YOU,
I'M GONNA GO IN THERE,
I'M GONNA BE UNDER CONTROL. I'M
NOT EVEN GONNA RAISE MY VOICE.
TRUST ME.
OKAY.
I DIDN'T BRING MY KEYS.
GRAB MINE, THEY'RE IN MY POCKET.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK
YOUR KEYS ARE IN HERE.
I'M SORRY, I MEANT
THE OTHER POCKET.
SO YOU WERE JUST GONNA LET ME
FEEL AROUND IN THERE ALL DAY?
I WAS.
- GET IN THERE.
- EH...
- COOL AND CALM?
- YO...
(scoffs) COOL AND CALMED.
(sinister music plays on TV)
- HELLO, LOVEBIRDS.
- (both scream)
UM... AUNT MEL, JOE, UH...
WHAT... WHAT ARE YOU
GUYS DOING HOME?
YOU SCARED ME HALF TO DEATH.
GREAT! NOW I'M GONNA
FINISH THE OTHER HALF.
(clears throat)
CALMLY.
(music theme playing)
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
I CANNOT BELIEVE MY OWN
NEPHEW LIED TO MY FACE.
WHAT, DID YOU THINK I
WASN'T GONNA FIND OUT?
I GOT ONE QUESTION FOR YOU, MARCO.
JUST ONE.
DO YOU THINK I'M STUPID?
OR ARE YOU STUPID?
I'M NOT STUPID.
THAT'S TWO QUESTIONS.
THAT'S TWO... TWO QUES...
(laughs nervously)
OKAY. COME ON, MARCO. WE DON'T
HAVE TO LISTEN TO THIS.
ACTUALLY, YOU DO.
ACTUALLY, THEY DON'T.
THEY'RE ADULTS.
HEY!
JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE ADULTS,
DOESN'T MEAN IT'S RIGHT
TO LIE TO MY FACE.
YOU WANNA PUNCH ME?
GO AHEAD.
OKAY. NO. HITTING HIM ISN'T GONNA
CHANGE THE WAY I FEEL ABOUT HIM.
I KNOW THAT!
BUT I WOULD FEEL BETTER.
JOE, HITTING DOESN'T
SOLVE ANYTHING, RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT, FINE!
FINE, NO ONE'S GONNA HIT ANYONE.
MARCO KNOWS WHAT HE WAS DOING WAS WRONG.
OTHERWISE,
WHY WOULD HE BE
KEEPING IT A SECRET?
I'M THE ONE WHO WANTED
TO KEEP IT A SECRET.
I WASN'T SURE ABOUT US, BUT...
NOW I AM.
- AWW!
- DON'T "AWW"!
THIS IS... THIS IS NOT AN "AWW"!
IT'S NOT THE WORST
THING IN THE WORLD.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S PRETTY CLOSE.
UNCLE JOE...
I KNOW YOU THINK I'M
JUST A MOOK FROM JERSEY
AND SHE'S OUT OF MY LEAGUE,
BUT THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN
DO TO HOLD BACK TRUE LIKE.
SEE HOW I DIDN'T SAY "LOVE"?
I KNOW YOU WANNA TAKE THIS
THING SLOW AND I RESPECT THAT.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT COULD YOU TWO
POSSIBLY HAVE IN COMMON?
(both laugh)
OH JEEZ!
UM, WHY DON'T YOU GUYS
GIVE ME AND JOE A MINUTE?
OK. I'M JUST RELIEVED
THIS IS OUT IN THE OPEN.
COME ON, MARCO. WE'LL
BE UP IN MY ROOM.
KEEP YOUR DOOR OPEN.
I MEAN, CLOSE IT.
I MEAN...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WANT!
JOE, I THINK YOU HANDLED THAT...
AS WELL AS YOU COULD.
YEAH, IT'S A BIG VICTORY.
LENNOX IS UPSTAIRS IN HER BEDROOM
RIGHT NOW WITH A PLAYER.
LENNOX IS A GROWN WOMAN. SHE'S
GONNA DO WHAT SHE WANTS TO DO.
WOW.
I'M POWERLESS.
I AM COMPLETELY POWERLESS.
THESE... GUNS, THEY...
THEY HAVE NO FIRING PIN.
OH! YOU'RE BACK!
LISTEN, THIS BOY ASKED ME OUT
ON A DATE TOMORROW NIGHT.
I WON'T BE TOO LATE.
YOU SEE THAT? FIRST WEEK IN A NEW SCHOOL
AND DANI'S ALREADY MAKING FRIENDS.
- ISN'T THAT GREAT? -IT'S AWESOME.
YOU'RE NOT GOING.
BUT I ALREADY SAID YES.
OH! OH, YOU ALREADY SAID YES?
OH, WELL. YOU KNOW,
IT THAT CASE...
YOU'RE NOT GOING.
- WHY?
- WHY? YOU WANT A REASON?
ALL RIGHT. LOOK, I ACTUALLY
HAVE A VERY GOOD ONE.
NOW, LOOK, IT'S... IT'S A
LITTLE COMPLICATED, BUT, UH...
HERE IT IS...
'CAUSE I SAID SO.
OH, YOU'RE SUCH A DICTATOR!
WOW! FIRST LENNOX IS
MAD AT YOU, NOW DANI.
I'M SORRY, JOE.
YOU KIDDING?
THAT FELT GREAT!
FIRING PIN IS COMING BACK.
HEY, LOOK AT THIS!
THE MONSTER TRUCK
RALLY IS IN TOWN.
UGH... CAN YOU IMAGINE PEOPLE
ACTUALLY GO TO THAT CRAP?
DID I MENTION I WELDED THE
CAGE TO THE CRUSHMOBILE
AT THE NORTHEAST
MONSTER TRUCK-O-RAMA?
AND WE WON "MOST BODACIOUS."
THAT'S...
IMPRESSIVE.
DON'T WORRY, I'M SURE THERE'S TONS OF
THINGS WE CAN FIND TO DO TOGETHER.
Both: HMM...
HEY, AMELIA JUST ASKED IF I COULD
GO TO THE MOVIES WITH HER TONIGHT.
- CAN YOU TAKE ME?
- OH, HAPPY TO.
YEAH, NOW THAT I
GOT MY CAST OFF,
THAT'S THE KIND OF
WONDERFUL THING I CAN DO.
I CAN ALSO DO THIS.
WOW! NOW YOU'RE NOT JUST COOL AUNT
MEL, YOU'RE COOL STEPMOM MEL.
I AM!
I NEED TO UPDATE MY TWITTER BIO.
YOU ARE MUCH COOLER THAN JOE.
I KNOW, BUT DON'T TELL HIM.
(mimics Jack Nicholson) HE
CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH.
THAT'S A REFERENCE.
NEVER MIND.
HEY, I BET THERE'S TONS OF
MOVIES THAT WE COULD SEE.
OH YEAH, OF COURSE THERE ARE.
OOH, I REALLY WANT TO SEE THIS FRENCH
FILM, LA TRISTESSE DE MA MèRE.
IT MEANS "THE SADNESS
OF MY MOTHER."
IF HIS MOTHER'S A ROBOT, I'M IN.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I
HEAR IS ALSO COOL?
ZEKE, THE TALKING DONKEY.
CHECK OUT THE AD.
"ZEKE...
"THE DIRTIEST ASS IN CLEVELAND."
GET IT?
I WISH I DIDN'T.
OH, OKAY.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST GIVE UP, HUH?
WHAT? NO, NO, HOLD ON.
HOW ABOUT...
HOW ABOUT THIS ONE?
HANG THE IRON LANTERN?
IT'S A DOCUMENTARY ABOUT A LOCAL
SCULPTOR, THORNDYKE WELLES.
HE MAKES ART, WHICH I LIKE,
AND HIS SCULPTURES ARE MADE OF METAL,
WHICH YOU, AS A WELDER, WOULD ENJOY.
THAT SOUNDS GOOD, DOESN'T IT?
YEAH.
- ARE YOU LYING?
- YEAH.
BUT SERIOUSLY, IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED,
I'M INTERESTED.
BUT IF THAT ART MOVIE IS SOLD
OUT, THE DONKEY MOVIE, 3-D,
SO WHEN ZEKE BURPS,
YOUR HAIR BLOWS BACK.
(clapping)
THORNDYKE WELLES
IS SUCH A GENIUS.
I MEAN, TO SPEND THREE YEARS
WORKING ON THAT ONE SCULPTURE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS
DOING ALL THAT TIME.
ME AND MY BOYS COULD HAVE THAT
THING KNOCKED OUT IN A WEEKEND.
NO! HE WAS CREATING
SOMETHING OF...
INCREDIBLE SYMBOLIC COMPLEXITY.
WHATEVER! THE WELDS SUCKED.
DRIPPY. UNEVEN. HE IS NOT GETTING IN
THE UNION WITH SLOPPY WORK LIKE THAT.
- HEY, LENNOX.
- ZANDER.
YOU KNOW MARCO.
YEAH, WE'VE MET.
SO, UH...
- THAT'S NEW.
- OH YEAH.
WELL, AFTER YOU BROKE UP
WITH ME, MY ROOMMATES
THOUGHT IT WISE TO HIDE ALL
THE RAZOR BLADES, SO...
VOILA!
SO, THE MOVIE. WAS THAT
INCREDIBLE OR WHAT?
YEAH. THORNDYKE
WELLES IS A GENIUS.
OH, HE'S GONNA BE SIGNING COPIES
OF HIS BOOK IN THE LOBBY.
I KNOW! I'M ACTUALLY WORKING UP THE
COURAGE TO RE-INTRODUCE MYSELF TO HIM.
I HAD AN INTERVIEW WITH HIM LAST WEEK
TO BE AN INTERN AT HIS ART STUDIO.
EXCUSE ME, I'M GONNA GO MAKE
SOME ART IN THE MEN'S ROOM.
IF I RUN INTO THORNDYKE, I'LL TELL
HIM WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIS WELDS.
IT'S A GOOD PLAN. I'M
SURE HE'LL LOVE THAT.
SO... (chuckles)
YOU TWO ARE, UH...
OFFICIALLY GOING OUT, HUH?
- WE ARE.
- GOOD.
GOOD. QUESTION...
QUESTION, UH...
WHEN YOU TAKE HIM TO
A MOVIE LIKE THIS,
DO YOU HAVE TO EXPLAIN IT TO
HIM IN LITTLE TINY WORDS?
IT'S NOT NICE TO TALK
BEHIND SOMEONE'S BACK.
NO, I KNOW, BUT IF I
SAID IT TO HIS FACE,
HE'D PUNCH ME.
HEY.
DANI! GREAT!
I THOUGHT YOUR DAD WOULDN'T
LET YOU COME OUT ON A DATE.
MY DAD HAS NO IDEA.
LUCKILY, MY STEPMOM'S
EASY TO SCAM.
JOAQUIN AND DASH ARE GETTING US SOME
POPCORN. THEY'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- HIYA!
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU WERE JUST SUPPOSED
TO DROP ME OFF.
OH. WELL, I SAW THE POSTER.
I DIDN'T KNOW THIS WAS A ZEKE MOVIE.
I LOVE THAT TALKING DONKEY.
YOU KNOW, HE REALLY
SPEAKS HIS MIND.
ANYWAY, IF IT'S AWKWARD FOR YOUR GIRLFRIENDS
TO SEE ME, I CAN SIT A FEW ROWS BACK.
(stammers)
(squeaks)
THAT WAS WEIRD.
A TOTALLY RANDOM BOY JUST HANDED ME
POPCORN FOR ABSOLUTELY NO REASON.
- IS THIS A DATE?
- NO!
IT'S A DOUBLE DATE.
THANKS!
DON'T TELL JOE.
(deep voice) HE CAN'T
HANDLE THE TRUTH.
DID I SAY IT RIGHT?
DANI, YOUR DAD TOLD
YOU NO DATING!
YEAH, BUT CLEARLY
THAT SHIP HAS SAILED.
I CAN'T LEAVE YOU
HERE WITH THESE BOYS.
THAT WOULD BE LIKE LYING TO JOE.
I'VE DONE IT. IT'S
NOT THAT HARD.
JOE AND I ARE A TEAM. I
CAN'T GO BEHIND HIS BACK.
BUT WHAT ABOUT ME?
IT'LL BE TOTALLY EMBARRASSING
IF I JUST LEAVE.
COME ON, YOU WERE 13 ONCE.
NOT THAT LONG AGO.
UH-HUH, YEAH. LIKE I'M
GONNA FALL FOR THAT.
HOW LONG AGO DO YOU THINK?
IF MY STEPMOM DRAGS
ME OUT OF HERE,
THE HUMILIATING PHOTOS WILL BE ALL OVER
THE INTERNET BEFORE I LEAVE THE LOBBY.
MY LIFE AT MY NEW SCHOOL
WILL BE TOTALLY RUINED.
OKAY, BUT JOE NEVER FINDS OUT.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL WAIT
FOR YOU IN THE LOBBY.
BUT WHEN THIS MOVIE GETS OUT,
YOU ARE GETTING A HICKEY CHECK.
WHAT'S A HICKEY?
HA-HA. NICE TRY.
- MORNING.
- HEY!
DANI MUST BE PRETTY MAD AT ME.
KIDS, HUH?
YEAH, WELL, SHE DIDN'T
EVEN SAY GOOD NIGHT TO ME
WHEN YOU GUYS GOT HOME FROM
THE MOVIES LAST NIGHT.
I'LL TELL YOU, YOU KNOW, HER DAD SAYS SHE
CAN'T DATE, ALL OF A SUDDEN I'M A MONSTER.
THAT'S THE PRICE YOU PAY
FOR BEING A TOUGH PARENT.
YEP, YEP, YEP.
I GOTTA TELL YOU, HONEY, IT
REALLY MEANS THE WORLD TO ME
THAT YOU HAVE MY
BACK ON THIS ONE,
BECAUSE NOW I KNOW YOU AND
I ARE TRULY TEAMMATES.
YEP, YEP, YEP.
AND I JUST WANNA APOLOGIZE IN
ADVANCE BECAUSE IN ABOUT A MINUTE
DANI'S GOING TO COME DOWNSTAIRS,
AND SHE'S GONNA BE THROWING
A WHOLE BUNCH OF TEENAGE
ATTITUDE OUR WAY.
GOOD MORNING, EVERYONE!
DID YOU SEE THE SKY OUTSIDE?
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL,
IT'S LIKE A SCREEN SAVER!
HASHTAG NO FILTER!
HEY, KIDDO.
HOW DID YOU AND THE GIRLS ENJOY
THE TALKING DONKEY MOVIE?
SO STUPID.
I LOVED IT.
WOW.
YOU SEE WHAT I DID?
WHAT?
I PARENTED THE CRAP OUT OF HER!
YOU KNOW, MEL, CONFIRMS
WHAT I ALWAYS THOUGHT:
EVEN WITH KIDS TODAY, A GOOD OLD-FASHIONED
DOSE OF VITAMIN N STILL WORKS.
- VITAMIN N?
- YEAH, THE WORD "NO".
ADMINISTER AS NEEDED.
UP HIGH, TEAMMATE.
YEP, YEP, YEP.
- HEY.
- HEY!
SO, HERE ARE THIS WEEK'S
DRAWINGS FOR "CASSANDRA."
GREAT, THANKS.
YOU KNOW, I'M GLAD THAT
EVEN THOUGH WE BROKE UP,
WE CAN WORK TOGETHER
ON OUR WEB SERIES.
YEAH! OH, YOU KNOW WHO ELSE I MIGHT
BE WORKING WITH PRETTY SOON?
I'LL TELL YOU HIS INITIALS:
IT'S RENOWNED AMERICAN
SCULPTOR, THORNDYKE WELLES!
WAIT, YOU GOT THE INTERNSHIP?
WELL, NOT QUITE.
IT'S DOWN TO ME AND
ONE OTHER GUY.
THERE'S NO WAY THAT OTHER DWERP
IS ONE-TENTH AS TALENTED AS YOU.
YOU'RE TOTALLY GETTING
THIS INTERNSHIP.
WELL, YOU CAN'T BE TOO SURE, ESPECIALLY
SINCE THE OTHER DWERP IS ME.
- WHAT? -EXCUSE ME, WHAT?
I'M SORRY.
YEAH! AFTER THE SCREENING, I WOUND UP
STANDING BESIDE THORNDYKE AT THE URINALS.
I TOLD HIM WHAT I THOUGHT
OF HIS LAME PIPE.
THEN I CLARIFIED AND EXPLAINED I
WAS REFERRING TO HIS SHODDY WELDS.
OKAY, SO... THE
OTHER GUY IS YOU.
BUT YOU'RE, UH...
- YOU'RE... -SOMEONE MR. WELLES
SAID HE COULD LEARN A LOT FROM.
I GOTTA GO CALL MY MOM.
SHE'S GOING TO BE SO PROUD.
OH MY GOD!
I CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S
DOING THIS TO ME.
ZANDER, HE'S NOT DOING
ANYTHING TO YOU.
ARE YOU BLIND, LENNOX? YOUR BOYFRIEND
IS TOTALLY SCREWING BOTH OF US!
IN VERY DIFFERENT WAYS.
IF YOU GUYS DON'T
NEED ANY MORE HELP,
I HAVE SOME EXTRA CREDIT
HOMEWORK I WANT TO GET TO.
WE CAN TAKE CARE OF THE REST.
YOU ARE EXCUSED.
AMAZING. HUH?
FROM A SINGLE SEED OF DISCIPLINE
COMES AN ENTIRE FOREST
OF GOOD BEHAVIOR.
AND WE THOUGHT WE WERE GONNA
HAVE TROUBLE WITH THAT ONE.
- OH BOY, WERE WE WRONG.
- YEAH!
I'LL TELL YA, HONEY,
I THINK THIS...
PARENTING VICTORY CALLS
FOR A LITTLE CELEBRATION.
YESTERDAY WHEN I WAS
AT THE HARDWARE STORE,
I BOUGHT A PARTY BULB OFF THE IMPULSE RACK.
IT'S IN MY NIGHTSTAND.
- WHY DON'T YOU, UH...
- RUN UPSTAIRS AND FLIP IT ON?
YEAH YOU WILL! (laughs)
(cellphone buzzes)
OH, HEY, DAN! YOU LEFT YOUR
PHONE ON THE TABLE, SWEETIE!
"CAN'T WAIT FOR OUR
NEXT DOUBLE DATE.
"THANK YOUR COOL STEPMOM
FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE.
"JOAQUIN."
DEAD MAN JOAQUIN.
I GOT YOU SOME.. ♪
FROZEN YOGURT ♪
WHY DO YOU WANT TO WORK
FOR THORNDYKE WELLES?
SOME GIRLS WOULD JUST SAY,
"I'M SO LUCKY TO HAVE
"A BOYFRIEND WHO BRINGS
ME FROZEN TREATS."
WELL, I JUST...
I CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
WHY, ALL OF A SUDDEN, SOMEONE
WHO HAS NO INTEREST IN ART
WANTS SO BADLY TO
WORK FOR THIS ARTIST.
IT DOESN'T MATTER ANYMORE.
THE GALLERY JUST TEXTED ME.
ZANDER GOT THE JOB.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I COULDN'T COMPETE
WITH AN ACTUAL ARTIST.
WOW.
YOU REALLY WANTED THAT JOB.
BUT HOW COME? I MEAN, YOU'D
BE A GLORIFIED GOPHER,
- AND YOU'RE NOT EVEN INTERESTED IN ART.
- YEAH, BUT YOU ARE.
AND MAYBE THEN WE'D HAVE
A LITTLE MORE IN COMMON.
BESIDES THAT.
I WASN'T SURE IF YOUR
MOTIVES WERE PURE.
TURNS OUT YOUR MOTIVES
WERE AWESOME.
IT REALLY DOESN'T BOTHER YOU THAT
OUR INTERESTS ARE DIFFERENT?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
AND I BET WITH TIME I COULD
LEARN TO LOVE MONSTER TRUCKS.
- REALLY?
- YES.
- ARE YOU LYING?
OH, I WASN'T EXPECTING
YOU AT ALL,
BUT NOW THAT YOU'RE HERE...
MEL, BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER...
(gasps) RIGHT, I ALMOST FORGOT.
(squeaks)
JANELLE, IN ZONING, GOT REALLY
TOO INTO FIFTY SHADES OF GREY.
AND NOW SHE WANTS EVERYONE
TO BE AS TWISTED AS SHE IS.
AND IT WOULD BE RUDE NOT TO USE
HER SECRET SANTA GIFT.
LISTEN, HONEY, I REALLY APPRECIATE ALL
THE TROUBLE YOU WENT TO, BUT, UH...
- WE REALLY NEED TO TALK.
- OH, RIGHT.
WE CANNOT GO ANY FURTHER
WITHOUT A SAFE WORD.
HOW ABOUT, UM...
HOW ABOUT "STEPMOM"?
OR MAYBE, UH...
"DOUBLE DATE."
OR, OH, WAIT A MINUTE.
HERE'S MY FAVORITE:
MY WIFE LIED TO ME!
THIS DOES NOT SOUND LIKE...
♪ FOREPLAY ♪
I TOLD DANI SHE COULDN'T DATE,
AND YOU TOOK HER
OUT TO MEET A BOY?
OKAY, LOOK, IT ALL
STARTED VERY INNOCENTLY.
I WAS TRAPPED,
YOU KNOW, HANDCUFFED, IF YOU WILL.
AND SPEAKING OF WHICH...
- (gasps) WHAT'S IN HERE?
- (clinking)
STOP IT! ALL RIGHT? DON'T DISTRACT
ME WITH YOUR SEX-CESSORIES.
OKAY? AND YOU KNOW WHAT? WOULD YOU
TAKE THAT SILLY MASK OFF, PLEASE?
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE I'M
BEING HIT ON BY BATMAN.
OKAY, LOOK...
(spits)
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT THERE WAS GONNA BE
A BOY THERE UNTIL AFTER WE GOT THERE.
BESIDES, IT WAS JUST A MOVIE!
"JUST A MOVIE"?
HALF MY NEIGHBORHOOD WAS
CONCEIVED DURING JUST A MOVIE!
JOE, IF I DRAGGED HER OUT OF
THERE IN FRONT OF HER FRIENDS,
SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN HUMILIATED.
YOU WERE 13 ONCE.
NOT AS RECENTLY AS ME, BUT...
MEL! WE ARE HUSBAND AND
WIFE, WE ARE TEAMMATES!
I UNDERSTAND YOU HAD TO MAKE A TOUGH
CALL IN THE HEAT OF THE MOMENT,
BUT WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME AFTERWARDS?
THERE WAS A VERY GOOD REASON.
WELL?
LOOK, YOU KNOW LENNOX AND MARCO DID NOT
COME TO YOU WHEN THEY STARTED DATING?
BECAUSE THEY KNEW IT WAS WRONG!
OR MAYBE THEY WERE WORRIED
ABOUT HOW YOU'D REACT.
I REACTED FINE!
NO ONE GOT HIT.
JOE, I WOULD LOVE IT IF
WE COULD SET THE BAR
A LITTLE HIGHER THAN
"NO ONE GOT HIT."
HEY, HEY! WHAT DO MARCO AND LENNOX
HAVE TO DO WITH US, ANYWAY?
(sighs) OKAY.
NOW... IF I TELL YOU THIS, YOU PROMISE
YOU WON'T FLY OFF THE HANDLE?
(scoffs) YES. HONEY, COME ON.
YOU CAN TELL ME ANYTHING.
- HERE GOES.
- OKAY.
JOE...
YOU'RE NOT ALWAYS
THAT EASY TO TALK TO.
(shouting) ME? WHAT?
THAT IS INSANE...
(calmly) ...LY IMPORTANT
FOR ME TO HEAR.
I DO THAT A LOT?
WHAT'S A LOT? YEAH, CONSTANTLY.
SO PEOPLE ARE AFRAID TO TELL ME
THINGS 'CAUSE OF HOW I MIGHT REACT.
THAT EXPLAINS A LOT.
WHAT?
WHEN I WAS A KID...
AND MY MOM TOLD ME THERE
WAS NO SANTA CLAUS...
SHE HAD MY UNCLE SAUL THERE...
THE COP.
IT WAS A GOOD CALL. I
DIDN'T TAKE IT WELL.
WELL, JOE, I STILL LOVE YOU,
ALL OF YOU, YOU
KNOW, EVEN THE...
OVERREACTY, ANGRY PARTS.
IT'S NOT ALL ANGER, MEL.
A LOT OF IT IS, UH...
FEAR, ACTUALLY.
I WAS AFRAID LENNOX WOULD GET HURT AND
THERE WAS NOTHING I COULD DO ABOUT IT.
DANI'S EVEN YOUNGER THAN THAT.
I GOTTA TELL YOU...
YOU WERE WORRIED SHE'D GET HURT?
NO, I'M WORRIED I'M
GONNA BE A GRANDFATHER.
THANKS FOR LETTING
ME KNOW THAT MY...
PARENTAL CONCERN CAN
LOOK A LITTLE...
SCARY AT TIMES.
YOU'RE WELCOME. AND...
I SHOULD HAVE COME STRAIGHT OUT
AND TOLD YOU WHAT I DID FOR DANI.
SO, WAIT A MINUTE.
IN OTHER WORDS...
YOU WERE, UM...
REALLY? YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE ME SAY IT?
I'M JUST SAYING. YOU KNOW, YOU WENT THROUGH
ALL THIS TROUBLE FOR A ROMANTIC EVENING.
THIS COULD REALLY GET
THE NIGHT GOING.
I WAS...
- WRONG.
- OH GOD, THAT DOES IT TO ME.
- SO WRONG.
- MM-HMM.
MISTAKEN. INCORRECT.
I AM NOT WITHHOLDING
ANYTHING FROM YOU TONIGHT.
SO, I START TOMORROW AS THORNDYKE'S
NEW INTERN, YOU KNOW...
ANSWERING PHONE CALLS,
RUNNING ERRANDS...
PLUNGING THE OCCASIONAL TOILET.
DOESN'T SOUND VERY GLAMOROUS,
BUT I'M REALLY EXCITED.
WELL, I'M SURE YOU'LL BE WORKING SIDE BY
SIDE WITH HIM IN HIS STUDIO IN NO TIME.
OH NO. (laughs) NO.
NO. HE MADE IT VERY CLEAR: NOBODY
TOUCHES THE ART BUT MR. WELLES.
- HEY GUYS.
- (both) OH HEY!
HEY, YOU KNOW, SORRY
ABOUT THAT JOB.
BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME, RIGHT?
YEAH, MAYBE IT JUST
WASN'T THE JOB FOR YOU,
BUT I KNOW THERE WILL BE OTHER
OPPORTUNITIES THAT FIT YOU PERFECTLY.
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THORNDYKE SAID WHEN HE
TOLD ME I WASN'T GONNA GET THAT GOPHER JOB.
BUT THEN A FUNNY THING HAPPENED.
HE JUST CALLED AND ASKED IF I
WANNA HELP OUT IN THE STUDIO
POURING METAL AND
DOING THE WELDING.
I'M GONNA BE HIS NEW APPRENTICE!
SO YOU'RE GONNA TOUCH THE ART?
YOU'RE JUST GONNA DO THAT?
HIS EXACT WORDS WERE,
"MARCO, I WANT YOU
"BY MY SIDE AS I CREATE."
WELL, DIDN'T THIS JUST
WORK OUT GREAT FOR EVERYBODY?